Chapter 9 : Heaven-Piercing Sect

Ye Qingcheng gained immensely from Jiang Chen. If what Jiang Chen said was true, then she could be the first to seize the two most precious treasures of Heaven-Piercing Sect. Both the Heaven-Piercing Palm and the Innate Yin-Yang Qi were rare treasures.

Especially the Innate Yin-Yang Qi, refining it could grant her the Innate Yin-Yang Body, a physique comparable to a divine body with unlimited potential. Although it was not as good as Jiang Chen’s Origin Dao Body, it was an excellent compensation for Ye Qingcheng’s own talents.

Her talent was not bad, but not great either. Certainly not comparable to those freaks with unique physiques, but having the Innate Yin-Yang Body could perfectly make up for this. Thinking of this, Ye Qingcheng was excited and couldn’t wait to head to Heaven-Piercing Sect.

Meanwhile, the Third Elder of Primordial Holy Land turned to Jiang Chen and asked, “Holy Son, will you go to Heaven-Piercing Sect?”

As soon as this was said, everyone’s eyes fell on Jiang Chen.

“I won’t go!” Jiang Chen replied calmly and decisively.

Many sighed in relief, as Jiang Chen’s absence meant one less formidable competitor. After all, as the Holy Son of the Holy Land, if Jiang Chen went, most of the opportunities would naturally be his first pick.

“Why won’t he go?” Ye Qingcheng was puzzled. Jiang Chen knew about the two most precious treasures of Heaven-Piercing Sect, so why wouldn’t he go for them?

“Go for what!” Jiang Chen scoffed. “Heaven-Piercing Sect may seem full of opportunities, but only a few things are actually useful, and they’re not of much use to me.”

Ye Qingcheng realized in silence that Jiang Chen simply looked down on those treasures. Indeed, as the Holy Son, Jiang Chen never lacked rare treasures. Whether it was cultivation techniques or resources, he always had the best. Ordinary treasures that others fought over were nothing in his eyes.

“It’s good that he looks down on them,” Ye Qingcheng thought to herself. “At least I can get those two treasures!” With Jiang Chen not going, she would have no concerns and could claim those two treasures for herself.

—

The Primordial Holy Land acted swiftly, quickly deciding on the personnel to head to the Heaven-Piercing Sect. They rapidly gathered the chosen ones and set out for the location of the Heaven-Piercing Sect.

Coincidentally, Du Guyun was also selected. Due to Jiang Chen’s indifference, no one suppressed Du Guyun, leading to his lack of fame in the Primordial Holy Land. However, perhaps because he was brought in by Ye Qingcheng, Du Guyun was chosen to go. After all, Ye Qingcheng was a disciple of the Holy Land’s Master, not a low-status figure.

—

People in the Primordial Holy Land more or less showed respect to Ye Qingcheng. Besides, it might also be due to the favor of destiny that allowed Du Guyun to be included in the list. Regardless of the reason, Du Guyun finally made it to the list and was heading to the Heaven-Piercing Sect.

After boarding the flying boat, Du Guyun looked around as if searching for someone. Soon, he spotted a figure in white in the distance and hurried over.

“Senior Sister Ye!” Du Guyun greeted Ye Qingcheng warmly, with a gentle demeanor and a sunny smile. Ye Qingcheng was his only backing in the Primordial Holy Land, and he was deeply infatuated with her. He dreamt of winning her over. Therefore, for both personal and public reasons, he wanted to maintain a good relationship with her.

“You really are fearless!” Banished Immortal sighed helplessly. Unlike Du Guyun’s arrogance, as an ancient being who had lived for countless years, Banished Immortal was well-versed in worldly wisdom and understood the subtleties of survival, knowing it was unwise to provoke strong enemies.

Especially someone like the Primordial Holy Land’s Holy Son, whose wrath could bring endless consequences. Most people, knowing that Ye Qingcheng was seen as off-limits by Jiang Chen, would steer clear rather than deliberately showing themselves.

After all, Jiang Chen had vast influence in the Primordial Holy Land, and any news could reach him in an instant. Previously, Jiang Chen might not have cared about them, but if they became too noticeable, he might easily crush them.

“What’s there to fear, Master?” Du Guyun replied nonchalantly. “I am a member of the Primordial Holy Land. Even the Holy Son, despite his high status, cannot act against me for such matters. The rules are clear!”

Banished Immortal felt helpless. ‘Does this Du Guyun really understand the situation?’

“Jiang Chen, with his status, doesn’t need to take action personally. Even without his direct involvement, his subordinates would act. Even inner disciples aren’t a concern for someone life Jiang Chen.”

The so-called rules were only applicable to those below. Jiang Chen was among those who set the rules.

“That’s even better. If his subordinates dare to act, it will become a stepping stone for my rise!” Du Guyun grew more confident.

Banished Immortal, ‘… Can I choose another disciple now?’

Meanwhile, Ye Qingcheng glanced at Du Guyun, frowned, and asked, “What do you want?” The more she knew, the more she disliked Du Guyun, even to the point of extreme aversion.

Du Guyun, seemingly not expecting such a cold response from Ye Qingcheng, awkwardly said, “There’s no one else I’m familiar with in the Primordial Holy Land. Senior Sister Ye is the only one I know well, so I specially came to greet you. And it’s because of you that I was able to enter the Primordial Holy Land, so I came to express my gratitude.”

Aside from wanting to establish a good relationship with Ye Qingcheng, Du Guyun also intended to let other disciples of the Primordial Holy Land know about their seemingly close relationship, using it as a form of backing.

“I am not familiar with you either,” Ye Qingcheng said coldly.

This statement caused an awkward silence to fall over the surroundings, with many covering their mouths to hide their laughter. They had thought Du Guyun and Ye Qingcheng had a good relationship, but it seemed they were no different.

At most, Ye Qingcheng might have seen potential in Du Guyun’s talent and brought him to the Holy Land, without any additional relationship. But Du Guyun seemed to have delusions of a close relationship, only to be denied by Ye Qingcheng. Embarrassingly enough, he appeared like a clown.

Du Guyun felt extremely awkward, sensing the mockery and ridicule from all around. Everyone seemed to laugh at his audacity.

“Uh, alright then,” Du Guyun managed to say, trying to maintain his composure, but soon hastily retreated, escaping from everyone’s sight.