Chapter 10 : Let everything be destroyed, I’m Tired

“Hey, I thought that Du Guyun had a really close relationship with Senior Sister Ye. It seems like it’s just a casual acquaintance.”

“Indeed, I saw how awkward Du Guyun looked just now, like he wanted to find a hole to hide in!”

“The reason Senior Sister Ye introduced Du Guyun might be because she saw his talent, or maybe for some other reason. It could just be a casual favor!”

“They have no relationship at all!”

“But Du Guyun really has some nerve, knowing that the Holy Son admires Senior Sister Ye, and still daring to try and get close to her!”

“Why would the Holy Son care about such an insignificant person!”

“That’s true!”

“Du Guyun brought this upon himself. Even Senior Sister Ye rejected the Holy Son, why would she be interested in someone like him?”

The crowd chatted away, filled with cheerful laughter. Before, they had wondered why Ye Qingcheng had introduced Du Guyun into the Holy Land.

Today, it seemed that she did it out of kindness or maybe because of his decent talent. Besides that, there was no other reason. Their relationship was as distant as strangers. Du Guyun had just overestimated it, thinking that their relationship was good.

—

“I said not to provoke Ye Qingcheng! Now see what’s happened!” The old man’s tone was helpless. His disciple was average in every aspect but had an excessively high opinion of himself, overly arrogant. He had no real basis for that arrogance, yet he still looked down on others.

Ye Qingcheng’s words didn’t seem wrong to the old man. After all, they had no real relationship, and Du Guyun hadn’t helped Ye Qingcheng in any way. His previous rescue hadn’t been of any assistance to her; instead, it had prevented her from acting. Ye Qingcheng was still a reasonable person.

Considering Du Guyun had helped her once, she had deliberately brought him into the Primordial Holy Land. If you were talking about gratitude, it should be Du Guyun who owed Ye Qingcheng.

Ye Qingcheng also made it clear that she didn’t want any relationship with Du Guyun, but he still had thick skin and went to her. It was only natural for Ye Qingcheng to speak a bit harshly.

“No, Master! I think Ye Qingcheng was protecting me! Just now, I was indeed extremely angry and embarrassed by how Ye Qingcheng treated me!”

“Now that I’ve calmed down and thought about it, perhaps Ye Qingcheng was worried that if I got too close to her, Jiang Chen would be displeased and might target me. By distancing herself from me, she’s probably trying to protect me! Well, it must be the reason!”

Du Guyun smiled confidently, looking like a wise sage who understood all the truths of the world.

“…” The old man was speechless; he didn’t know how to respond to Du Guyun anymore. It was no longer just about being self-confident; it was about deceiving oneself. In that situation, anyone with a bit of sense could feel that Ye Qingcheng was extremely impatient with him.

“Perhaps I should consider finding another disciple,” the old man thought as he looked at Du Guyun’s overly confident appearance. He felt that his future prospects were bleak. With no real advantages and such an inflated ego, trying to rebuild his physical body with Du Guyun in the future would undoubtedly be an impossible task.

“It seems so difficult, almost as hard as ascending to heaven, to rely on him to rebuild my body in the future. Maybe ascending to heaven is even easier. I’m losing hope in Du Guyun.”

“Ah, if only I really had a choice!” Cang Lao lamented. “Jiang Chen would be a great choice!” He sighed again, resigned to his fate with Du Guyun. If he had a choice, he’d prefer anyone else, even a normal person, over Du Guyun.

“Master, do you think I’m right?” asked Du Guyun excitedly.

“Yes, yes, yes,” Cang Lao replied weakly, too tired to argue with Du Guyun anymore. ‘Let everything be destroyed. I’m tired.’

—

Heaven-Piercing Mountain Range.

This mountain range was famous for the Heaven- Piercing Sect in the past. Even though the sect disappeared years ago, the mountain range still retained its fame.

Previously, the Mountain Range was desolate, with hardly a person to be found within thousands of miles. But now, due to the reemergence of the Heaven-Piercing Sect, various forces have converged here.

Even though the sect hasn’t fully emerged yet, numerous forces have already gathered. Although Primordial Holy Land arrived early, many other forces had preceded them.

With a rumble, Primordial Holy Land’s flying boat descended, its majestic presence and overwhelming pressure drawing everyone’s attention.

“Primordial Holy Land has arrived!”

“They’re so quick!”

“The person standing on the flying boat must be the Fifth Elder of the Holy Land. It’s said he stepped into the Saint Realm a long time ago.”

“The Fifth Elder, the one who single-handedly slaughtered several saints with one sword three hundred years ago?”

“Yes, that sword demon!”

“It’s terrifying, just the unintentional aura he exudes

makes my heart skip a beat.”

“Are you kidding? He’s on another level. Even a True King realm could scare you to death, not to mention the Fifth Elder. We’re just too far away. If we were closer, we would be crushed!”

Holy Land’s arrival caught everyone’s attention.

“Ah, isn’t that the high and cold Fairy Ye Qingcheng? She’s still as unemotional as always, like a block of ice.” A soft voice, filled with an inexplicable magic that stirred people’s blood, sounded. It affected both men and women alike.

Hearing this, Ye Qingcheng frowned as if recalling someone distasteful and turned to look.

A delicate beauty stood on a large flower boat in front of her. She was dressed in a black gown, her features exquisite, flawless like a work of art from the heavens. Her skin was as white and lustrous as the finest jade, soft and smooth. Her eyes, like stars, were filled with a strange magic that stirred primal desires.

She stood out as the brightest light in the world, making everything else pale in comparison. Only Ye Qingcheng could stand up to her. She was like the most vibrant flower, attracting all, while Ye Qingcheng was like a pure, untainted snow lotus, aloof and flawless. Both women were stunningly beautiful in their own unique ways.

“Yan Ruyu, you flirtatious vixen!” Ye Qingcheng said, her tone impatient and unfriendly.

“Thank you for the compliment, Fairy Ye,” Yan Ruyu replied with a smile, her tone light. “As a member of the All Pleasure Sect, it’s an honor to be spoken of by you.”

Yan Ruyu was the saintess of the All Pleasure Sect, known for her charm. Unlike other sects that practiced hard cultivation, her sect focused on the art of Yin and Yang fusion. Most of its disciples were adept in this art, as experienced as masters.

To the All Pleasure Sect’s women, being called a flirtatious vixen was not shameful but an honor. They had abandoned such notions and took pride in their ways.